The auspicious time has come to salute
worship the world
Erbai Causeway
Husband and wife
Please cover your head first
Wait a minute.
Today, Rouer married the Crown Prince
As a sister, you wear a veil the whole time
But what's your dissatisfaction?
It's just a habit
Royal wedding
Can't let your temper do it?
You'd better take off the veil
That's not good.
What's wrong with this?
Are you shameless to face your guests?
I heard about that.
Miss Jiang grew up in the countryside
Poison sores
Ugly is quite bitter
That's not the time I saw it once
Disgusting, I couldn't eat for three days and three nights
Prince's wedding today
Why does Mrs. Jiang need to make extra trouble?
The difference between the regent's words
The prince got married today
Jiang Wanyue, as the eldest sister, wore a veil throughout the process
It's really a teacher
Have to pick
Yes, sister, I'm getting married today.
You never took off your veil
But you don't like your sister?
Rong'er
Today is our big day
Don't let his sister-in-law be happy
I know my sister has revenge
But I never disliked it
I got married today
Sister, take off your veil
Jiang Wanle
Rong'er has already said this
Aren't you taking off your veil yet?
It's not like everyone has seen your face
It's just hypocritical
None of us dislike me yet.
It's just that he's afraid he's too ugly
Scare everybody.
It was waiting for me here
My face has only recently healed.
No wind for now
If you surprise everyone
Rules are rules
How can I cover my sister's head?
You're wearing a veil.
Yes, sister, just rely on me
Take it off